gh-66944: Note that the `contextlib.closing` example is for illustration purposes (#112198)
python/cpython: Doc/library/contextlib.rst

   without needing to explicitly close ``page``.  Even if an error occurs,
   ``page.close()`` will be called when the :keyword:`with` block is exited.

>    .. note::
> 
>       As of Python 3, :func:`urllib.request.urlopen` return values can be
>       used as context managers directly; there is no need to use ``closing``
>       with them. The example above is just for illustration purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. note::

      Most types managing resources support the :term:`context manager` protocol,
      which closes *thing* on leaving the :keyword:`with` statment.
      As such, :func:`!closing` is most useful for third party types that don't
      support context managers.
      This example is purely for illustration purposes,
      as :func:`~urllib.request.urlopen` would normally be used in a context manager.
```

   without needing to explicitly close ``page``.  Even if an error occurs,
   ``page.close()`` will be called when the :keyword:`with` block is exited.

   .. note::

      Most types managing resources support the :term:`context manager` protocol,

>       which closes *thing* on leaving the :keyword:`with` statment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      which closes *thing* on leaving the :keyword:`with` statement.
```
